It works. That's the best I can say about it. The outer insulating cover has started to wear off in many places, exposing wire after only a month. My phone is telling me that I am using an unauthorized charger. So no, this was not a good purchase, and I do not trust the source.
This game is horrible. The battles are so... long, slow and unexciting. The scenery is cute, but alittle dark for GBA.Don't waste your money.
this game is hard and I still havn't beaten it, and I have had it for two mothes. I reconmend for only skilled players play.DELTA 904thanks for youre time and patience
This game is boring. You can't follow the story line, and if I hadn't read the books I would not understand it at all. The fight scenes take too long and they are also boring. In the mines of Moria there is this one place where you have to go but you get stuck because the game has a bug. The controls are extremely weird and take a long time to get used to. I have bought this game and I do not like it. I would suggest not buying it.
Yes this has good graphics, Yes it has a kind of Zelda theme. But really if your looking for a game that fits the Lord of the rings best then get the Two Towers. Once you are used to that then get the The Return of the King. That is the best game of them all. Ive played all three and the Fellowship is by far the worst game i have ! Please Gameboy dont let Vivendi Universal (the makers of this game) ever make a game based on a film ever again. They wasted away all the good parts of the books and if you want to fight on this game then good luck to you. DO NOT BUY THIS ITS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
I have read the book and enjoyed it. It is not one of my favorites, but it fills in some of the story line. I will be rereading the book. I have all of the Floating Outfit series and am in the process of reading them in order instead of how I purchase them.
I won't go into the plot as other reviewers have already given you a rather complete synopsis. After the beginning of the book the character development was weak and disappointing. Annie starts out as a strong, quirky individual by mid-book she's so hung up on Jake that she looses her charm and strength of character. Jake was just too angst ridden for me to enjoy. The secondary characters problems just brought the book down further. That, and that their major maritial problem is resolved by sex in the sauna well, once again a female character "melts".....pun intended. I guess I had anticipated stronger female and male characters, the ones I get from ... I think Ms Wells shows promise but the next book I'll get from the library.
I was laughing so hard when I was reading this that I kept waking him up. I then tried not laughing and my body was shaking so much that that woke him up.This is a wonderfully funny book and I hope to read more books by Robin Wells.
I recently purchased this case and tested it at depths up to 100 feet in Bonaire. It was easy to open and close and there was no possiblity of having it only partially closed. The controls operated ALL the cameras functions, there was no leakage or fogging. This case absolutely works as advertised.
Just throw them away after 12 hours? I assume these are plastic. So, folks after 12 hours they are obsolete, and throw them out to create more useless landfill trash that will last 10 millenia! Yay, hooray!
My rating is for Amazon, not the product. I placed this order and just received a mail that it is not available. Why is the availability not updated? I still see it being available now. Very disappointing
movies are okay but the video quality is poor.Is this a legit DVD or black market?They are watchable...but grainy.I guess you get what you pay for.
As one would expect these producrions are beautifully presented. The quality of the acting is superb. England seems to produce character actors of great skill and presence. I thoroughly enjoyed the variety of themes presented
Ah! Colin Firth...the ultimate, consumate actor in a variety of roles. A delightful diet of films...one a day plus a bonus for the week-end and one can have a film festival all their own!!
Excellent classic style movies. All well acted with excellent stars. Will watch over again many times.Colin Firth is one of my favorites.
This is the only film I have watched so far. This is not up to the usual British Cinema quality either in acting or content. I didn't watch to the end. Once he found himself tied up in bed I turned it off.
Paying about $16 for this collection of 8 films could have been a great buy. I have traveled to UK enough to know that the British people are generally quite polite, polished, reserved, and mannered. With the exception of The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill and Came Down A Mountain (the only redeeming film in this collection; Hugh Grant portrays the real British style well) the makers of the other 7 have obviously visited Hollywood too many times and have drunk their Kool-Aid. The courseness, vulgarity, even offensiveness in dumbed-down run-on dialogue, babbling idiotic nonsense, and lack of plausible plot is not up to the usual British polish. The 7 films that lack class and levity of the usual British approach obviously came from the hog-pen of the U.S. cinema trough.
You would have NO idea reading the description, and looking at the picture on the front, but most of these movies have a rating of PG-13, and there's even an R!!!They are mostly about sex, sensuality, and the like.Yuck. I bought this because my daughter likes the historical movies like Pride & Prejudice and Emma, etc...These are NOT the same. I threw the set away without even opening it. The ratings are on the back. They should be written on the page.
Considering the price of this card, its hard to be disappointed. I installed it into my freshly built system using a full version of Windows XP. As I write this, I am watching an old episode of Star Trek TNG on a small screen on top of AOL. The capture feature works great and the the additional goodies...from cables to a nice remote controller are exceptional. I never use the enclosed driver disk with new hardware, and the 8500DV was no exception. There is not any reason not to download the newest drivers for the initial install... I have found it reduces many 
